docs: Strat the technical notes (#10)
growingnet/gromo: docs/source/tech_notes.rst

GrowingModule (GroMo)
=====================

> This is the documentation of the FoGro method described in [TMLR24] Verbockhaven, M., Rudkiewicz, T., Chevallier, S., and Charpiat, G. (2024). Growing tiny networks: Spotting expressivity bottlenecks and fixing them optimally. TMLR..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the documentation of the growing method described in [TMLR24]_.
```

FoGro is not mentioned in the paper, better to put the reference at the end.

> We propose to build growing networks using `GroMo` inherited from `torch.nn.Module`. We have two type of modules, the standard `GrowingModule` and the `AdditionGrowingModule`. The first one is a connections that contains the parameters of the network. The second one aims to connect multiple `GrowingModule` together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We propose to build growing networks using `GroMo` inherited from `torch.nn.Module`. We have two types of modules, the standard `GrowingModule` and the `AdditionGrowingModule`. The first one is a connection that contains the parameters of the network. The second one aims to connect multiple `GrowingModule` together.
```

Sequential case
----------------

To grow a layer of neurons we need new incoming connections and new outgoing connections. If we look a at section with two modules `M1` and `M2` with a layer of neurons in between we can grow the layer of neurons by adding new outgoing connections in `M1` (noted `O1`) and new incoming connections in `M2` (noted `I2`). To compute the new weights with the TINY/FoGro method we can use the method `compute_optimal_added_parameters` in `M2` that will also update the module `M1` if the option `update_previous` is set to `True`.

You can then use the `extended_forward` method to compute the forward pass with the new weights. More precisely, the `extended_forward` with integrate the `scaling_factor` (noted :math:`\gamma`) to the forward pass:

- :math:`\texttt{extended\_forward}(x) = (M1(x), \gamma  O1(x))`
- :math:`\texttt{extended\_forward}(M1(x), \gamma  O1(x)) = M2(M1(x)) + \gamma^2  I2(O1(x))`

Once your satisfied with the extension and the scaling factor you incorporate it in the forward pass by using the method `apply_change` in `M2` with the option `apply_previous` set to `True`.

=====================
Glossary
=====================

> - machine batch / statistical batch: often in ML we use batch of data to estimate quantities and to process data together to make computation faster. For example in stochastic gradient descent we estimate the gradient with on batch of example that is computed at the same time. In our case we can compute multiple examples at the same time and do it multiple times to compute a statistics. We refer to the first one to machine batch and to the second as statistical batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- machine batch / statistical batch: often in ML we use batch of data to estimate quantities and to process data together to make computation faster. For example in stochastic gradient descent we estimate the gradient on a batch of examples that is computed at the same time. In our case we can compute multiple examples at the same time and do it multiple times to compute a statistics. We refer to the first one to machine batch and to the second as statistical batch.

=========
Bibliography
=========

.. [TMLR24] Verbockhaven, M., Rudkiewicz, T., Chevallier, S., and Charpiat, G.
        (2024). Growing tiny networks: Spotting expressivity bottlenecks and
        fixing them optimally. TMLR.

```

We need to use a standardize convention with Stella for naming the batch.

=====================
Growing a layer
=====================

Sequential case
----------------

To grow a layer of neurons we need new incoming connections and new outgoing connections. If we look a at section with two modules `M1` and `M2` with a layer of neurons in between we can grow the layer of neurons by adding new outgoing connections in `M1` (noted `O1`) and new incoming connections in `M2` (noted `I2`). To compute the new weights with the TINY/FoGro method we can use the method `compute_optimal_added_parameters` in `M2` that will also update the module `M1` if the option `update_previous` is set to `True`.

You can then use the `extended_forward` method to compute the forward pass with the new weights. More precisely, the `extended_forward` with integrate the `scaling_factor` (noted :math:`\gamma`) to the forward pass:

- :math:`\texttt{extended\_forward}(x) = (M1(x), \gamma  O1(x))`

> - :math:`\texttt{extended\_forward}(M1(x), \gamma  O1(x)) = M2(M1(x)) + \gamma^2  I2(O1(x))`

Reviewer: extended_forward is incorrectly rendered with the \

Author: Yes, I fixed it !
